Add a glossary to the documentation (#647)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: docs/intro/glossary.md

# Glossary

This glossary provides definitions for common terminology used in the SDK,
focusing on microgrid components, metrics, measurements, and power-related
terms.

## Common Acronyms

### AC

Alternating current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternating_current) for more details.

### BMS

Battery management system. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_management_system) for more details.

### CHP

> Combined heat and power. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_heat_and_power) for more details.

Reviewer: Just a global and optional suggestion to consider, I'd expand the acronyms by capitalizing the words that match the acronym stands for, e.g.
```suggestion
Combined Heat and Power. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_heat_and_power) for more details.
```

### DC

Direct current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_current) for more details.

### EV

Electric vehicle. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_vehicle) for more details.

### PSC

Passive sign convention. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passive_sign_convention) for more details.

### PV

Photovoltaic. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photovoltaics) for more details.

In the SDK it is normally used as a synonym for [solar panel](#solar-panel).

### SoC

[State of charge](#state-of-charge). See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_charge) for more details.

### SoP

[State of power](#state-of-power).

> ## Microgrid

Reviewer 2: `Microgrid` is not an acronym. There should be a different header above this line, maybe `Commonly Used Terms`.

Reviewer 2: Oh I see that this is at the same level as `## Common Acronyms`. This is a bit confusing IMO.

Author: In raw, yes, not that much when it is rendered, as there is also a navigation bar with the hierarchy.

I'm not saying is the best organization ever, it is just what we had in the wiki, I started with that. We could rethink the structure, but I consider this out of the scope of this PR.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough.

A local electrical grid that connects a set of different [types of components](#component-category) together. It can be connected to the main grid, or be completely isolated.

### Component Category

The different types of [components](#component) a [microgrid](#microgrid) can have, such as an inverter, battery, meter, etc.

Devices of the same category have the same characteristics (for example offer the same set of [metrics](#metric)).

#### Battery

A storage system for electrical energy.

#### CHP Plant

A generator that produces combined heat and power ([CHP](#chp)). Usually powered via combustion of some form of fuel.

#### Converter

> A [DC](#dc)-DC converter.

Reviewer: hmm DC to DC converter? :thinking: 
To avoid confusion I'd suggest to write it as follows:
```suggestion
A [DC](#dc) converter.
```

Author: I think DC to DC (or DC-DC) is what's correct, @tiyash-basu-frequenz ?

Author: I went with wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DC-to-DC_converter

Added a definition for `DC-to-DC converter` and said that `Converter` usually refers to that.

Reviewer 2: DC-DC converter is actually the term used in the industry.

Reviewer: oh I didn't know. I admit it sounded confusing to me.

#### EV Charger

A station for charging [EVs](#ev).

#### Electrolizer

> An device that converts water into hydrogen and oxygen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A device that converts water into hydrogen and oxygen.
```

While many [inverters](#inverter) and [batteries](#battery) come equipped with in-built pre-charging mechanisms, some may lack this feature. In such cases, external pre-charging modules can be used.

#### Relay

A device that generally have two states: open (connected) and closed (disconnected).

They are generally placed in front of another [component](#component), e.g., an [inverter](#inverter), to control whether the component is connected to the [microgrid](#microgrid) or not.

#### Sensor

A device for [measuring](#measurement] ambient [metrics](#metric) (for example temperature, humidity, etc.).

#### Solar Panel

A panel with [PV](#pv) cells that generates [DC](#dc) electricity from sunlight.

#### Wind Turbine

A device that converts the wind's kinetic energy into electrical energy.

### Component

A device (of a particular [category](#component-category)) within a [microgrid](#microgrid).

### Component ID

A numeric identifier uniquely representing an instance of a [component](#component) in a particular[microgrid](#microgrid). It is always of type `int`.

> For example, a battery an have a component ID **5**.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
For example, a battery has a component ID **5**.
```

Reviewer 2: I assume you meant `can have`?

Author: I think I will rephrase to `a battery with a component ID of **5**.`. Sounds good?

### Residual Consumption

In [microgrid](#microgrid) context sometimes used as the remaining difference between the [net consumption](#net-consumption) and the [battery](#battery) power, i.e. what we define as [grid power](#grid_power).

### Residual Load

Same as [residual consumption](#residual-consumption).

### State of Charge

The level of charge of a [battery](#battery) relative to its capacity, expressed in percentage points. Calculated as the ratio between the remaining energy in the battery at a given time and the maximum possible energy under similar health conditions. [Source](https://epicpower.es/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/AN028_SoC-SoH-SoP-definitions_v3.pdf)

### State of Power

The ratio of peak power to nominal power. Peak power is the maximum power that can be sustained for a specific duration without violating preset operational design limits on battery voltage, SsC, power, or current.

This indicator is crucial to ensure that charge or discharge power remains within specific limits, optimizing the battery's lifespan. It is particularly useful in peak power applications to define battery conditions for substantial charges or discharges.

> The state of power depends on the state of charge, battery capacity, initial characteristics, chemistry, and battery voltage. [Source](https://epicpower.es/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/AN028_SoC-SoH-SoP-definitions_v3.pdf)

Reviewer: I think external factors like temperature should be also mentioned, as they can significantly impact the state of power

Author: Can you make a code suggestion?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state of power depends on the state of charge, battery capacity, initial characteristics, chemistry, and battery voltage, as well as external factors like temperature and humidity, which can also have a significant impact on it. [Source](https://epicpower.es/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/AN028_SoC-SoH-SoP-definitions_v3.pdf)
```

Author: Thanks!

Author: Although not sure what to do with the source now, as it is not a literal copy of the text in the source. I guess we can leave it anyways.

# Glossary

This glossary provides definitions for common terminology used in the SDK,
focusing on microgrid components, metrics, measurements, and power-related
terms.

## Common Acronyms

### AC

> Alternating current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternating_current) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternating Current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternating_current) for more details.
```

Author: Why the caps here (and in the other acronym definitions)?

Reviewer: Because I wanted to somehow highlight what the acronym stands for. I initially made an optional global comment to check if we want to go that way, then I made suggestions where we can possibly updated if the global suggestion was taken. So feel free to discard this and similar suggestions if they are not suitable

### BMS

> Battery management system. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_management_system) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Battery Management System. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_management_system) for more details.
```

### CHP

Combined heat and power. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_heat_and_power) for more details.

### DC

Direct current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_current) for more details.

### EV

Electric vehicle. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_vehicle) for more details.

### PSC

> Passive sign convention. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passive_sign_convention) for more details.

Reviewer 2: We should add "Passive sign convention" to the glossary too.

Author: True, I just don't know where to put it, as it doesn't fit any section for now. I guess I will create a `Electrical terms` section or something...

Author: Done in the Microgrid section, as I didn't want to start a new section if we are not sure about the structure yet.

### PV

Photovoltaic. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photovoltaics) for more details.

In the SDK it is normally used as a synonym for [solar panel](#solar-panel).

### SoC

[State of charge](#state-of-charge). See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_charge) for more details.

### SoP

[State of power](#state-of-power).

## Microgrid

A local electrical grid that connects a set of different [types of components](#component-category) together. It can be connected to the public [grid](#grid), or be completely isolated, in which case it is known as an island.

> 

Reviewer 3: I think there should be a distinction between assets (battery, PV, consumer, grid, etc) and maybe devices (inverter, meter, relay, etc) as they have a quite different role in the microgrid.

Author: Can you do that in a followup PR? You can also create an issue so we don't forget. I want to start closing up this PR, because if we want to have a complete glossary before merging, it will be never merged :P

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python/issues/650

Reviewer 3: Also update the terminology in the wiki replacing `component` with `asset_type` to stress the distinction.

While many [inverters](#inverter) and [batteries](#battery) come equipped with in-built pre-charging mechanisms, some may lack this feature. In such cases, external pre-charging modules can be used.

#### Relay

A device that generally have two states: open (connected) and closed (disconnected).

They are generally placed in front of another [component](#component), e.g., an [inverter](#inverter), to control whether the component is connected to the [microgrid](#microgrid) or not.

#### Sensor

A device for [measuring](#measurement] ambient [metrics](#metric) (for example temperature, humidity, etc.).

#### Solar Panel

A panel with [PV](#pv) cells that generates [DC](#dc) electricity from sunlight.

#### Wind Turbine

A device that converts the wind's kinetic energy into electrical energy.

### Component

A device (of a particular [category](#component-category)) within a [microgrid](#microgrid).

### Component ID

A numeric identifier uniquely representing an instance of a [component](#component) in a particular[microgrid](#microgrid). It is always of type `int`.

For example, a battery an have a component ID **5**.

### Island

> A [microgrid](#microgrid) that is not connected to the public electricity [grid](#grid).

Reviewer 3: The definition of `consumer` is missing

Author: It wasn't in the wiki, I would also leave it for a separate PR.

Reviewer 3: It is, 4th bullet. https://github.com/frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python/wiki/Glossary#microgrid-power-terminology

Author: That's `consumer_power`, a terminology thing, IMHO glossary-wise it is covered by the terms **Power** and **Consumption**. Please create an follow-up PR (or an issue including the exact term and definition you want to include) if you think something else should be added.

Reviewer 3: I don't think it should be omitted in the glossary so added it also here https://github.com/frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python/issues/650

Author: Great, thanks!

> ## Component Data

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to categorise non-acronyms further? I think it would be easier to find words if it were just an alphabetically ordered list.

Author: This also comes from the wiki structure, this was started when we defined the pipeline, so the structure some from defining what a sample, metric, component, timeseries, etc. is. The idea behind the structure was to have definition for metrics, etc. I'm not sure what's best for discovering things, but you can always use the search bar if you are searching for a particular term, which is pretty good.

Again, I would leave changes to the structure for a separate PR, because this PR is just growing too much, and the goal just just to move the wiki to the web, and it's becoming an endless monster :)

Reviewer 2: >I would leave changes to the structure for a separate PR

Sure

### Timestamp

A specific point in time, always represented as a `datetime` with a `timezone` attached.

For example, **2022-01-01 22:00:00.000 UTC**.

### Sample

A [measurement](#measurement) recorded at a particular [timestamp](#timestamp), typically represented as a tuple `(timestamp, value)`.

For example, recording a measurement of 400 from the capacity of a battery at 2022-01-01 22:00:00.000 UTC would constitute a sample **`(2022-01-01 22:00:00.000 UTC, 400)`**.

#### Sample Value

A [measurement](#measurement) stored in a [sample](#sample).

### Time Series

A sequence of [samples](#sample), often organized by [timestamp](#timestamp) and typically with regular intervals. However, irregular (event-based) time series are also possible.

For example, a time series representing measurements of a battery's capacity at 2022-01-01 22:00:00.000 UTC every second for 5 seconds would appear as follows:

```
(2022-01-01 22:00:00.000 UTC, 400)
(2022-01-01 22:00:01.000 UTC, 401)
(2022-01-01 22:00:02.000 UTC, 403)
(2022-01-01 22:00:03.000 UTC, 402)
(2022-01-01 22:00:04.000 UTC, 403)
```

### Timeseries

> Same as [time series](#time-series).

Reviewer 3: obvious.

Author: Is for searching. If you search for "time series" in the search bar, "timeseries" won't be shown as a result.

### Metric ID

An identifier for a [component](#component)'s [metric](#metric), typically a string (`str`).

Components belonging to the same [category](#component-category) have the same set of metric IDs.

For example, the metric ID for the capacity of a [battery](#battery) is simply **`capacity`**.

### Time Series ID

An identifier for a [time series](#time-series) originating from a [metric](#metric) of a specific component. Typically a string (`str`) derived from the tuple **([component ID](#component-id), [metric ID](#metric-id))** for [components](#component).

For example, a time series for the capacity of a battery with component ID 5 has the ID **(component_id, metric_id)** (or **`f"{component_id}_{metric_id}"`**).

> ### Timeseries ID

Reviewer 3: I guess that's obvious.

Author: Same.

# Glossary

This glossary provides definitions for common terminology used in the SDK,
focusing on microgrid components, metrics, measurements, and power-related
terms.

## Common Acronyms

### AC

> Alternating current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternating_current) for more details.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also worth adding active, reactive, and apparent power below this?

Author: We should definitely add them, but these should go to the `Metrics` section I would say, this section is about acronyms.

Author: Done. It was much more complicated than expected, is hard to explain without going into a lot of details about AC :(

Reviewer 2: I can imagine. Thanks for adding those definitions. I will take a look at those.

### BMS

Battery management system. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_management_system) for more details.

### CHP

Combined heat and power. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_heat_and_power) for more details.

### DC

Direct current. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_current) for more details.

### EV

Electric vehicle. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_vehicle) for more details.

### PV

Photovoltaic. See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photovoltaics) for more details.

In the SDK it is normally used as a synonym for [solar panel](#solar-panel).

### SoC

> [State of charge](#state-of-charge). See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_charge) for more details.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest adding a line about what it does (The amount of energy left in a storage w.r.t it's full capacity).

Author: Have you seen the definition of "State of charge"? Again, the pure definition (expansion) of acronyms is separate from the definition of metrics. If what's in the metrics section doesn't cover it, could you suggest an exact text to add?

Reviewer 2: I missed earlier that we are just mentioning acronyms in this section.

### SoP

> [State of power](#state-of-power).

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest adding a line about what it does (Upper limits on charge and discharge power).

Author: Also probably in the metrics section, right? If what's in the metrics section doesn't cover it, could you suggest an exact text to add?

Reviewer 2: I missed earlier that we are just mentioning acronyms in this section.

## Microgrid

> A local electrical grid that connects a set of different [types of components](#component-category) together. It can be connected to the main grid, or be completely isolated.

Reviewer 2: `main grid` => `public grid`?

Reviewer 2: `or be completely isolated.` => `or be completely isolated, in which case it is known as an island.`

Author: Ah, yeah, I was struggling with that, at first I used "wide" grid, so "main" grid (which is present in the microgrid API) was an improvement, but "public" grid sounds better :D

Reviewer 2: ~I missed earlier that we are just mentioning acronyms in this section.~ Sorry wrong thread, please ignore.

Author: I also added a definition for "Island", as I guess it might not be obvious if read out of context.

### Component Category

> The different types of [components](#component) a [microgrid](#microgrid) can have, such as an inverter, battery, meter, etc.

Reviewer 2: `type` is a bit tricky to use here, because in our terminology, types refer to the level-2 hierarchy. E.g., ComponentCategory could be Inverter, and InverterType could be PV.

Maybe we rephrase it as `The category a component can belong to, such as an inverter, ...`

Author: OK, makes sense. I also removed the "such as", as we have the full list just below this now.

Devices of the same category have the same characteristics (for example offer the same set of [metrics](#metric)).

#### Battery

A storage system for electrical energy.

#### CHP Plant

A generator that produces combined heat and power ([CHP](#chp)). Usually powered via combustion of some form of fuel.

#### Converter

A [DC](#dc)-DC converter.

#### EV Charger

A station for charging [EVs](#ev).

> #### Electrolizer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Electrolyzer
```

Author: This is taken from the common API. It's even in the specs (`COMPONENT_CATEGORY_ELECTROLYZER`).  :grimacing: 

Doing a quick google search it seems like Electrolyzer is correct. :thinking:

Reviewer 2: That's right. Here it is spelled with an `i` instead of a `y`.

Author: Oh, damn, I'm colorblind :facepalm:

An device that converts water into hydrogen and oxygen.

#### Grid

> A point where the local [microgrid](#microgrid) is connected to the main electricity grid.

Reviewer 2: `Grid` actually refers to the public electricity infrastructure. Maybe worth pointing out the distinction here.

Author: This was also taken from the common API docs. I now replaced `main` with `public`, do you think that's enough or do you think it needs further clarification?

Reviewer 2: I gave it a bit of thought.
When we say `Grid`, we mean an abstraction over the whole grid, encapsulated into a single component in the microgrid. We do not actually mean the grid connection point anymore. This could certainly have effect on the documentation on our APIs too.

I think it's fine to leave it like this for now. We can discuss the terminology in a separate issue/discussion.

#### Solar Panel

A panel with [PV](#pv) cells that generates [DC](#dc) electricity from sunlight.

#### Wind Turbine

A device that converts the wind's kinetic energy into electrical energy.

### Component

A device (of a particular [category](#component-category)) within a [microgrid](#microgrid).

### Component ID

A numeric identifier uniquely representing an instance of a [component](#component) in a particular[microgrid](#microgrid). It is always of type `int`.

For example, a battery an have a component ID **5**.

## Component Data

### Metric

A quantifiable attribute of a [component](#component).

For example, the metric **capacity** of a battery.

### Measurement

An individual numeric value obtained from a [metric](#metric) of a [component](#component) instance. It is consistently of type `float`, but it is often expressed in specific units.

In the context of a sample, this is commonly referred to as a *sample value*.

For example, a measurement of the capacity of a battery with component ID 5 can be **400**, typically measured in Watt-hours (Wh).

### Timestamp

> A specific point in time, always represented as a `datetime` with a `timezone` attached.

Reviewer 2: Since these are unix timestamps, maybe it's worth mentioning that it is counted from 01.01.1970.

Author: Not in the SDK, in the SDK they are `datetime`. I think being a timestamp is a microgrid API implementation detail, isn't it? In any case I think this also doesn't belong to the glossary (arguably not even the Python type is relevant here), it belongs to the code documentation.

For example, a time series for the capacity of a battery with component ID 5 has the ID **(component_id, metric_id)** (or **`f"{component_id}_{metric_id}"`**).

### Timeseries ID

Same as [time series ID](#time-series-id).

## Metrics

### Gross Consumption

Consumption before accounting for any local generation from [solar](#solar-panel), [wind](#wind-turbine) or [CHP](#chp-plant).

### Net Consumption

This term traditionally refers to the difference between the [gross consumption](#gross-consumption) and the local generation (like [PV](#pv) production). It is the electricity consumption that needs to be provided by the [battery](#battery) or from the main [grid](#grid).

### Net Load

Same as [net consumption](#net-consumption).

### Residual Consumption

In [microgrid](#microgrid) context sometimes used as the remaining difference between the [net consumption](#net-consumption) and the [battery](#battery) power, i.e. what we define as [grid power](#grid_power).

### Residual Load

Same as [residual consumption](#residual-consumption).

### State of Charge

> The level of charge of a [battery](#battery) relative to its capacity, expressed in percentage points. Calculated as the ratio between the remaining energy in the battery at a given time and the maximum possible energy under similar health conditions. [Source](https://epicpower.es/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/AN028_SoC-SoH-SoP-definitions_v3.pdf)

Reviewer 2: This whole text could move above, where `SoC` is mentioned earlier, and here we could just add a link.

Author: I prefer to keep acronyms just as an expansion for what they stand for.

### State of Power

> The ratio of peak power to nominal power. Peak power is the maximum power that can be sustained for a specific duration without violating preset operational design limits on battery voltage, SsC, power, or current.

Reviewer 2: This whole text could move above, where `SoP` is mentioned earlier, and here we could just add a link.

Author: Same. I will close this comment to avoid duplicated discussions. If we decide to change it, then I can update both.

## Microgrid Power Terminology

Within the SDK, the terminology used for [measurements](#measurement), such as the power of individual [microgrid](#microgrid) [components](#component), follow the pattern `{component}_{quantity}` for total values and `{component}_{consumption,production}_{quantity}` for clipped values.

Valid components include `grid`, `battery`, `ev_charger`, `consumer`, and active components `pv`, `chp`, and `wind`.

The SDK provides the following power metrics IDs.

### `grid_power`

Can be positive (indicating consumption from the grid) or negative (indicating production into the grid).

### `{battery,ev_charger}_power`

Can be positive (indicating [battery](#battery) charging) or negative (indicating battery discharging). This also applies to [EV charging](#ev-charger) stations.

### `{pv,chp,wind}_power`

Pertaining to active [components](#component), this represents power generated from local (renewable) sources. It is negative when electricity is generated, otherwise zero or positive in case of self-consumption. Alternative terms include generation, supply, and source.

### `consumer_power`

> Aggregates [components](#component) not covered above. Under typical circumstances, this corresponds to the site's [gross consumption](#gross-consumption), excluding active parts and the [battery](#battery). The term 'consumer' implies that this component predominantly consumes electric power. It can support negative values for exotic site topologies or short-term effects.

Reviewer 2: `Aggregates` => `Covers`? (aggregate could mean something else if the reader is a data scientist, e.g.).

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: `short-term effects.` => `short durations.`

### `{component}_consumption_power`

Positive power value if `{component}_power` is positive, otherwise zero.

### `{component}_production_power`

> Positive power value if `{component}_power` is negative, otherwise zero.

Author: Specially for @cwasicki as you wrote this:

I don't think these belong in here to be honest, but I didn't know what to do with them.

Eventually we might need to define all important metrics in the **Metrics** section, maybe even per component category (or mentioning which component category uses that metric). But defining symbols on the SDK code IMHO should be only done in the auto-generated API documentation, otherwise things will get outdated and out of sync very quickly.

Maybe we can still have in here the **Microgrid Power Terminology** text but structure it differently, as definitions, like defining what do we understand with **Consumption** and **Production** and its relationship with **passive sign convention** (we should define that too :D). I might give this a try if you agree.

Also cc @matthias-wende-frequenz.

Reviewer 2: I find `*_power` a bit redundant in this format. We already mention Grid and Net Consumption power above. These terms could go in that section, agree.

Reviewer 2: > passive sign convention (we should define that too :D)

Yes!

Author: Done.

# Glossary

> This glossary provides definitions for common terminology used in the SDK,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This glossary provides definitions for common terminology used in the Frequenz SDK,
```

focusing on microgrid components, metrics, measurements, and power-related

> terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
focusing on microgrid components, metrics, measurements, and power-related terms.
```

#### PV Array

A collection of [PV](#pv) panels.

#### Pre-charge module

A device that gradually ramp the [DC](#dc) voltage up to prevent any potential damage to sensitive electrical components, like capacitors.

While many [inverters](#inverter) and [batteries](#battery) come equipped with in-built pre-charging mechanisms, some may lack this feature. In such cases, external pre-charging modules can be used.

#### Relay

A device that generally have two states: open (connected) and closed (disconnected).

They are generally placed in front of another [component](#component), e.g., an [inverter](#inverter), to control whether the component is connected to the [microgrid](#microgrid) or not.

#### Sensor

A device for [measuring](#measurement] ambient [metrics](#metric) (for example temperature, humidity, etc.).

#### Solar Panel

A panel with [PV](#pv) cells that generates [DC](#dc) electricity from sunlight.

#### Wind Turbine

A device that converts the wind's kinetic energy into electrical energy.

### Component

A device (of a particular [category](#component-category)) within a [microgrid](#microgrid).

### Component ID

> A numeric identifier uniquely representing an instance of a [component](#component) in a particular[microgrid](#microgrid). It is always of type `int`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A numeric identifier uniquely representing an instance of a [component](#component) in a particular [microgrid](#microgrid). It is always of type `int`.
```

### Power

The rate of energy transfer, i.e. the amount of energy transferred per unit of time. It is typically measured in Watts (W).

For [AC](#ac) electricity, there are three types of power: [active](#active-power), [reactive](#reactive-power), and [apparent](#apparent-power) (P, Q and |S| respectively in [power triangle](#power-triangle)).

See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AC_power) for more information.

#### Power Triangle

The visual representation of the relationship between the three types of [power](#power) and the [phase](#phase).

![Power triangle](../img/power-triangle.svg)

([CC-BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en), [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cmplxpower.svg))

#### Active Power

The power that is actually consumed by the [load](#load). It is the real part of the [apparent power](#apparent-power), P in the [power triangle](#power-triangle).

#### Apparent Power

The power that is actually supplied to the [load](#load). The magnitude of the vector sum of the [active](#active-power) and [reactive](#reactive-power) power, |S| in the [power-triangle](#power-triangle).

#### Phase

> The angle of difference (in degrees) between current and voltage in an [AC](#ac) circuit, φ in the [power triangle](#power-triangle).

Reviewer 2: Can you cite a source for this definition? It sounds incorrect.

Conventionally,
* `φ` is the angle between active and reactive power.
* `Phase` is a synonym for Line, as in, the 3 AC phases.

Author: Wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AC_power

Author: Well, it says "Phase of voltage relative to current", I read "Phase **or** voltage relative to current" when I was writing it, maybe that makes a difference.

Reviewer 2: But in wikipedia it is unambiguous. There it is called `Phase of voltage relative to current`. Here it is ambiguous.

Reviewer 2: Also, conventionally, systems use [Power Factor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_factor), instead of `φ`. Maybe that's a reason why wikipedia `φ` has an elaborate name (it's not used as often, so no one gave it a cool name).

Author: Could you write a code suggestion on how to change this? I'm not very familiar with the term, so if I do it I think there is a high risk that I get it wrong again :worried:

Author: Or maybe I just remove it if it's not very relevant, I just added to make the several components of AC power more complete.

Reviewer 2: Sure, on it.

Reviewer 2: Since I started the review on just one line, I cannot add multi-line suggestion I think :(
I have typed up a suggestion here, if it helps:

```md
#### Phase of Voltage Relative to Current

The angle of difference (in degrees) between current and voltage in an [AC](#ac) circuit, φ in the [power triangle](#power-triangle). Applicable to AC electricity only.

#### Power Factor

The ratio of real power to apparent power. Applicable to AC electricity only. Can be obtained by computing the cosine of  [φ](#phase-of-voltage-relative-to-current), in the [power triangle](#power-triangle). See the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_factor) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: >Or maybe I just remove it if it's not very relevant, I just added to make the several components of AC power more complete.

IMO it makes sense to keep it, since it's used in the diagram. But your call.

Author: Great, thanks! I applied it but changed the `Applicable to AC electricity only` in **Power Factor** to ` in an [AC](#ac) circuit` as it is shorter and matches **Phase of Voltage Relative to Current**.

I also added AC to other AC definitions.

Please see:
* 63a5fbfc059e4bfe7b118d5d22089b296d66e9dc

#### Real Power

Same as [active power](#active-power).

### Production

The amount of electricity flowing out of a [component](#component). It is the clipped negative value when using the [PSC](#psc), so if the electricity is flowing into the component instead, this will be zero.

### Residual Consumption

In [microgrid](#microgrid) context sometimes used as the remaining difference between the [net consumption](#net-consumption) and the [battery](#battery) power, i.e. what we define as [grid power](#grid_power).

### Residual Load

Same as [residual consumption](#residual-consumption).

### State of Charge

The level of charge of a [battery](#battery) relative to its capacity, expressed in percentage points. Calculated as the ratio between the remaining energy in the battery at a given time and the maximum possible energy under similar health conditions. [Source](https://epicpower.es/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/AN028_SoC-SoH-SoP-definitions_v3.pdf)

### State of Power

> The ratio of peak power to nominal power. Peak power is the maximum power that can be sustained for a specific duration without violating preset operational design limits on battery voltage, SsC, power, or current.

Reviewer: maybe `SoC`?
```suggestion
The ratio of peak power to nominal power. Peak power is the maximum power that can be sustained for a specific duration without violating preset operational design limits on battery voltage, SoC, power, or current.
```
